Tidy kitchen.
Repeat the following tasks while an object is on the table.
Clear an object that is on the table.
If the object is a apple-juice then the goal is that the object is in the fridge and the fridge is closed.
If the object is a bottle-opener then the goal is that the object is in the drawer and the drawer is closed.
If the object is a ceramic-plate then the goal is that the object is in the dishwasher and the dishwasher is closed.
If the object is a cereal-box then the goal is that the object is in the pantry and the pantry is closed.
If the object is a glass-tumbler then the goal is that the object is in the dishwasher and the dishwasher is closed.
If the object is a ketchup then the goal is that the object is in the fridge and the fridge is closed.
If the object is a milk then the goal is that the object is in the fridge and the fridge is closed.
If the object is a paper-plate then the goal is that the object is in the garbage.
If the object is a pepsi-can then the goal is that the object is in the bin.
If the object is a plastic-bottle then the goal is that the object is in the bin.
If the object is a plastic-cup then the goal is that the object is in the garbage.
If the object is a plastic-fork then the goal is that the object is in the garbage.
If the object is a pop-tart-box then the goal is that the object is in the pantry and the pantry is closed.
If the object is a soda-can then the goal is that the object is in the bin.
You are done.
Repeat.
Repeat the following tasks while an object is on the counter.
Store an object that is on the counter.
If the object is a apple-core then the goal is that the object is in the garbage.
If the object is a box-of-aluminum-foil then the goal is that the object is in the pantry and the pantry is closed.
If the object is a coffee-grinder then the goal is that the object is in the cupboard and the cupboard is closed.
If the object is a coke-can then the goal is that the object is in the bin.
If the object is a corkscrew then the goal is that the object is in the drawer and the drawer is closed.
If the object is a crackers then the goal is that the object is in the pantry and the pantry is closed.
If the object is a granola-bars then the goal is that the object is in the pantry and the pantry is closed.
If the object is a half-and-half then the goal is that the object is in the fridge and the fridge is closed.
If the object is a jar-of-salsa then the goal is that the object is in the fridge and the fridge is closed.
If the object is a mug then the goal is that the object is in the dishwasher and the dishwasher is closed.
If the object is a newspaper then the goal is that the object is in the bin.
If the object is a paper-cup then the goal is that the object is in the garbage.
If the object is a plate then the goal is that the object is in the dishwasher and the dishwasher is closed.
If the object is a steak-knife then the goal is that the object is in the drawer and the drawer is closed.
You are done.
Repeat.
Repeat the following tasks while an object is in the dish rack.
Unload an object that is in the dish rack.
If the object is a ceramic-bowl then the goal is that the object is in the cupboard and the cupboard is closed.
If the object is a ceramic-plate then the goal is that the object is in the dishwasher and the dishwasher is closed.
If the object is a glass-tumbler then the goal is that the object is in the dishwasher and the dishwasher is closed.
If the object is a metal-fork then the goal is that the object is in the drawer and the drawer is closed.
If the object is a mug then the goal is that the object is in the dishwasher and the dishwasher is closed.
If the object is a paring-knife then the goal is that the object is in the drawer and the drawer is closed.
If the object is a steak-knife then the goal is that the object is in the drawer and the drawer is closed.
You are done.
Repeat.
You are done.
